docs: add about and getting started docs (#2838)
graycoreio/daffodil: docs/guides/introduction/about.md

# About Daffodil

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Daffodil is a client-side framework for building ecommerce stores. It presents a standard set of interfaces with which the frontend application can interact while offering a selection of drivers that communicate with the platform of choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Daffodil is a client-side framework for building ecommerce stores. It presents a standard set of interfaces with which the frontend application can interact with, along with a selection of drivers that communicate with the platform of choice.
```

Author: This would be grammatically incorrect with the double "with". I changed the wording to be closer to your suggestion though.

Reviewer: I don't think it's grammatically incorrect?

`It presents a standard set of interfaces with which the frontend application can interact.`

This sentence definitely needs a with at the end.

If you don't like the double with, it can be:

```
It presents a standard set of interfaces for frontend applications to interact with, in addition to a selection of drivers that communicate with your platform of choice.

It presents a standard set of interfaces for frontend applications to interact with, along with a selection of drivers that communicate with your platform of choice.

It presents a standard set of interfaces for frontend applications to interact with. It also includes a selection of drivers that communicate with your platform of choice.
```

Shortened `It presents a standard set of interfaces with which the frontend application` to `It presents a standard set of interfaces for frontend applications` to reduce the triple `with`
